[TestCase] azurerm_maps_account - update sku_name value in the test case (#23563)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/maps_account.html.markdown

* `sku_name` - (Required) The SKU of the Azure Maps Account. Possible values are `S0`, `S1` and `G2`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> ~> **Note:** `S0` and `S1` are deprecated by Service API. Suggest to use `G2`. Please see more at this [document](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/how-to-manage-pricing-tier).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** Gen1 SKUs (`S0` and `S1`) are deprecated and can no longer be used for new deployments, which should instead use a Gen2 SKU (`G2`) - more information can be found [in the Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/how-to-manage-pricing-tier).
```

Author: Thanks. Updated
